The one with the cigar is called Sun Zhifei
It is the second largest shareholder of my Blue Cloud Group
Son of Sun Kuo
He's here.
Presumably to compete with me for Blue Cloud Group
The bad guy, as for the other one
I don't know him.
Sun Zhifei
Tell your men to behave and not be so arrogant
You say he
This is not one of my men
He was specially invited by me to guide us
see a doctor
Zhou Jin, he is at Manchester West University
I have a Ph.D.
Back in the city's tier 1 hospital
He's still in that lancet
Oh, yeah. The Lancet.
The most important thing is
Hada 11 should be spring breeze
What? I said what?
It's a turtle
If you don't explain it clearly
Who knows what kind of game to play?
Master, what is your dog talking about?
Get lost Sun Zhiwei, shut up for me
This is the doctor I hired for Yingdong
Hahahaha, he can also heal
An open road
Lu Zhaoyuan, are you okay with your brain?
Ah!
There is a problem with the phone.
Hurry up, go out and treat him, hahaha.
You said you would see a doctor too
If you can see a doctor
I'll chop my head off for you
Is the sphere good?
Come, come, come
Dogs have the courage to learn to see a doctor
Which eye did you graduate from university?
You are sick, you are fucking sick
You every morning
You'll have a dull pain in your lower left abdomen
But after an hour, the pain will go away
Am I right?
What nonsense are you talking about? It can't be three days.
After 3 days
The pain in your lower left abdomen will explode completely
By then, even the gods can't cure your disease